ensure Qwen 3.5 correctly parses your split architecture without getting stuck in infinite loops, use
this highly structured system prompt when talking to your local API:
text
You are an expert embedded systems compiler optimized for the Snapdragon 8 Elite architecture.
Context: I am structuring a multi-engine UI. Files must be written cleanly depending on their target engine (GGUF,
Task: Read the instructions provided. Generate the specific code framework requested.
1. Strictly separate logic. If the user asks for TFLite compilation code, do not output GGUF instructions.
2. Structure output cleanly inside Markdown blocks. Do not add general conversation or intro text.
3. Optimize paths to align with sub-repositories using 'docs/core_wiki/'.
Use code with caution.
4. Video Resource on Qwen 3.5 Capabilities
To see just how capable this exact 4B model is at generating complex structural logic and code blocks
from scratch, check out this demonstration of it building out a fully functional software system in a
single run:
Qwen 3.5 4b is so good, that it can vibe code a fully
working OS web app in one go.
Reddit · c64
Do you want to test your Termux network endpoint link next to confirm your OpenWiki CLI is
successfully passing data blocks directly into your running Qwen 3.5 server?
Reddit· r/Loc…
GitHub
Qwen/Qwe
4B -…
Qwen3.5-4B.
This…
Hugging Face
GPT told
me…
Qwen3.5:4b -
4.23 tok/s.…
Reddit
Qwen3.5-
4B…
Qwen3.5-4B
Uncensored…
Reddit
How to
Run…
Qwen 3.5 is
the most…
DEV Community
Performan
of…
Here's some
more…
GitHub
2:27
AI Mode All Images Videos News Maps Shopping Books Flights Finance The Qwen 3.5 9B Q4_K_M model is not too big. It will run excellently on your Snapdragon 8
Elite.
At roughly 5.5 gigabytes, a Q4 quantized 9B model strikes the absolute gold standard balance
between processing speed and advanced reasoning.
Why the 9B is Perfect for Your Hardware
1. RAM Availability: Devices running the Snapdragon 8 Elite ship with a minimum of 12GB to 16GB of
LPDDR5X RAM. Because the 9B model uses roughly 5.5GB to load, you still have over 6GB to 10GB
of system RAM completely free. This provides plenty of space to keep your core Android processes
running smoothly while compiling code concurrently.
2. Performance on the Elite Chip: Community benchmarks on the 8 Elite show that Qwen 3.5 9B
runs natively at over 6 to 8 tokens per second when using unified CPU and NPU hardware
acceleration configurations.
3. The Reasoning Upgrade: While the 4B model is incredibly fast, the 9B is a substantial upgrade for
building out a complex repository UI. It handles deep conditional logic, syntax fixing, and code
structural changes with fewer logic errors.
Booting the 9B Model in Termux
Since you have the larger file ready, tweak your memory context variables inside Termux to allocate
enough RAM overhead for file indexing. Fire up the llama-cpp server like this:
bash
# Boot the 9B server with an optimized 4,096 token context to preserve RAM
llama-server -m /sdcard/Download/qwen3.5-9b-instruct-q4_k_m.gguf -c 4096 --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8080
Use code with caution.
Note: If you notice memory bottlenecks when working inside your multi-model repo UI later, drop the
context parameter ( -c ) down to 2048 . This shrinks the model's memory footprint by an additional
500MB without altering its core reasoning capabilities.
How to Allocate Tasks Between Your 4B and 9B Files
Since you own both the 4B and the 9B quants, leverage their strengths across your distinct workflow
paths:
7 sites
Reddit· r/L… +1
Reddit· r/L… +3
Reddit· r/Loc…
Reddit· r/L… +2
3:06AM
I mean, I also got the clean 3.59b that
is a GGUF quantized. I believe it's …
AI Mode All Images Videos News Maps Shopping Books Flights Finance Use the 4B for the "OpenWiki CLI" / Inbox Logging: Keep the 4B active when doing basic textual
formatting, pulling URLs out of chat history, or running the openwiki markdown tagging routine. It
will operate near-instantly on the Elite chip.
Use the 9B for the Code Forks (ONNX / TFLite / GGUF): When you need the AI to actually build
out your app interface, map out Snapdragon Snapdragon 8 Elite hardware-accelerated loops, or
write raw parsing logic, boot up the 9B. It is much less prone to hallucinating code syntax.
Do you want to write the Termux configuration script to seamlessly switch between launching your
4B server and your 9B server without typing out the paths manually every time?
YouTube·… +2
Benchmar
Qwen 3.…
Ran all four
Qwen 3.5…
Reddit
Qwen3.5
0.8B vs …
so first up I'm
going to giv…
YouTube · Fahd …
Qwen3 9B
can run…
Qwen3 9B
can run fine…
Reddit
A
Quantu…
The system's
total memo…
Academia.edu
Qwen 3.5
9B VRA…
FAQ — Qwen
3.5 9B. How…
Will It Run AI
7m
System Mapping & Data Flow Graph
This graph maps out exactly how your tools interact on your Snapdragon 8 Elite device. Your data
starts as a raw URL or chat log, flows through specific extraction pipelines, compresses into local
storage formats, and feeds your Termux engin